======
php.ug
======

An international meeting-point for the PHP-Community.

-------
Purpose
-------

This Website provides a location for PHP usergroups worldwide to advertise 
their existence, their meetings and their contact-details.

For that we include a map on the frontpage that displays every registered 
location worldwide. The User can then select the nearest UG and see the
relevant informations like next meeting and contact-informations

From their you can jump to their website immediately

Also a shortlink is provided for every UG so their website can be reached
using an UTL like http://php.ug/ffm for the Usergroup at Frankfurt/Main in 
Germany or http://php.ug/benelux for the UG in the Benelux-Countries.

For that every Usergroup can register by providing a unique identifier 
(ffm or benelux), a website and some contact-informations (mainly email, 
but twitter, facebook or Chat are also possible) and a location where (or 
around where) the meetings are held.

The provided email-address will then get the login information to change and 
maintain the provided data.

All Usergroups will have to verify their existence at least once a year so we
can archive inactive groups.

The meeting schedule will be retrieved weekly from an iCalendar-File the 
usergroup should provide on their Website. That makes it easier to maintain
a consistent Dataset of the schedules as the UG only needs to maintain their 
local calendar and this website will retrieve that information. If no URL to
that calendar is given, then no meeting-schedule will be displayed.

NO statistics will be provided. 

-----
Costs
-----

The registering usergroups will not have to pay for this service!

But - of course - donations to pay the bills are always welcome. 

Also help by coding the stuff behind is highly appreciated!

---------
Technical
---------

This website will run with PHP (really?) Version 5.3. I intend to build the
app using the recent version of ZendFramework 2 which is (as far as I recall 
from memory) zf2beta3. But other Ideas are welcome!

Registration, Login, Modification and Display of the data will be registered 
as Modules and the redirect for the "shortlink" will be exported to an 
.htaccess-file on every change on the short-name or the website of a Usergroup 

The actual redirect will then be provided via mod_rewrite

As Backend we will be using either a MySQL or a PostgreSQL Database, depending
on the hosting-provider.

This Project is hosted on github at http://github.com/heiglandreas/php.ug
